Sometime in the distant and highly improbable future (yet my Lucifer tells me it's highly *probable*), I imagine I've gone on a road trip with some of my closest friends and also obviously Nebula, and we're all partying, in a nice manner. Some good music is playing, Cucumber randomly finds a guitar so him and I jam to some old tunes with the others, we play some board games which is ruined because Pikachu is an utter spoilsport, listen to some really narcissistic and dirty humor with the Princess, sit below the night sky and indulge in our mild substance abuses or drinks, and then we just lie there, sleep with our sweethearts. I picture the beautiful smile on her face right before I close my eyes, as she finishes saying a horribly funny pun, the way her eyes light up when she's waiting for a reaction, and the way they shimmer when someone gets it, and at that moment *I* am the someone. I go to sleep thinking this is all a dream, that I'll wake up to the sound of all of us cleaning up the previous night's fun. But when I do wake up, i wake up to the sound of everyone cleaning up, but right after my eyes open up, it's with Nebula's hair in my face and her sleeping soundly next to me, possibly snoring coz I just attract snorers near me ever, but nonetheless, right there. Sleeping away like an angel the gods saw fit for me to witness. And I wake up her up to the ugliest joke I have at that moment, and see her refuse to talk to me till the time she gets an equally bad joke. And in that highly (im)probable future, I will be the most content person in the world. 